Shri Sai Bavani

Glory to God! Glory to Lord Sai !
Saviour of the world ! We bow to thee ! 1

Datta Digambar incarnation  !
Lead us to the path of Salvation !      2

Embodiment of Brahmachita Shankar !
Comfort and solace to one who surrender ! 3

Grant thy vision to let my eyes feast !
Remove our sins and make us blest !       4

Simple Kafni was thy garment !
Tin pot, Zoli was thy ornament !          5

Thou appeared under holy neem tree !
Thou led the life of mendicant so holy !  6

Thou manisfested in this painful kali age !
Thy grace relieves us from earthly bondage !7

Blessed Shirdi was thy holy residence !
Thou are quintessence of all essences !  8

Thou are Trinity incarnate !
Thy grace won hearts of animate and inanimate!  9

Thy eyes showered love and compassion!
Thy speech surpassed nectar in comparison!  10

Blest is mother masjid Dwarakamayi!
She was the hoime of our Lord Sai!  11

Burnt were our sins and painful glory!
In the sacred fire of Sai's Dhuni!   12

My mind wavers like an ignorant lamb!
Oh! Holy Shepherd ! Betow us aplomb!  13

Thou art ocean if mercy! Oh Sai!
Lakhs wait with hopes for Thee !   14

Blest was Agnihotri Mule Shastry !
Elated with Vision of Guru Gholapswamy !  15

Shama stung by thy infinte power !
Escaped death by the infinite power    16

Force of thy words could quell the storm !
Thou art embodiment of peace and calm !    17

Thy act of grinding wheat was a panacea !
Shirdi was free of malignant cholera !   18

Oh! My Lord Sainath I bow to Thee !
I wallow in thy lotus feet like a bee!  19

Thou listen to my prayer and fulfill my wish !
Guide us to cross sorrows of worldly mesh !   20

Bhakta Bhimaji suffered with severe malady !
Tried all sorts of paths for remedy !   21

Nothing is better than thy udi  so efficacious !
Thy sacred udi cured his tuberculosis !    22

Thou enthralled kakaji with vutthal vision !
Blest  kakaji glimpsed Vishnu's manifestation ! 23

Thou bestowed Damu with boon of progency !
Thy blessings surpass fate and destiny !  24

Merciful  Lord. Shower us with mercy !
Ocean of love! I offer obeisance to thee !   25

We surrender our wealth , mind and body to thee !
Bless us with peace and salvation! Oh Sai !   26

Ignoratn Megha confused in casteism !
Disturbed at the thought of praying to Muslim !  27

Thy grace made him to see Shiva in thee !
Thy loved made him to become a tru devotee !   28

Thou turned water to oil for illumination !
Light of lamps burning the egos and illusion !  29

Thy wonderful miracle stunned the vendors !
Left them speechless and bowed to thy grand ! 30

Chand patil searching for his lost mare !
Found a gem in the form of anoble fakir !   31

Thy guidance helped him to find his mare !
Blest are thy devotees for whoim thou care !  32

Have faith in Sai with Faith and patience !
Sing and praise glory of Sai with perseverance !  33

All our desires will be fulfilled by his grace !
As our hearts hold his flower feet like a a vase !   34

Thou repaid Bayaja bai's loving debt !
Thy loving grace made him wake from deathbed !   35

When Tatya battled with life and death !
Thou gifted him life and made him breathe ! 36

Wild beasts too enjoyed ehy Benignity !
Thou showered them love and pity !   37

Thou are omni present! Thou are Omni Potent !
Thy devotees know Thou are Omniscient !   38

One who surrenders at thy lotus feet !
Is ever assured of a life so sweet !   39

Thy nectar like sayings are priceless pearls !
Protecting us like a mother Tortoise !   40

Thou art in every atom! Oh ! Lord Sai !
Thy Omni potence limits to inifnity !   41

I blame myself for being full of ignorance !
I lack expressions to praise thy benevolence !   42

Thou art protector of helpless and poor !
thou descended to earth to be our Savior !   43

Have pity and mercy on me Oh! Lord  Sai !
Grant me! I may never be separated from thee !    44

Let me praise thy glory forever till my death !
Let me sing thy miracles till my last breath !    45

One who chants thee with faith and patience
Is certain to attain peace and deliverance !   46

Sing Sai Bavani with Love and Devotion !
Bow to his feer and rest there with adoration !  47

Sai stands beside his loving devotee !
To save him from trouble and calamity !   48

Devotion to Sai is the best Solace !
He is the God, controller of Universe !    49

One who has immense devotion and belief !
Has noting to grieve and assured of relief !   50

Sai's benevolence extends to inifnity !
Sai is reservoir of Tranquility !  51

Glory to Lord Sai, the incarnation of  Trinity !
Bow to Lord Sai ! Glory to God and Almighty  !  52

Ananta koti Brahmanda nayaka RajadhiRaja Yogiraja Parabrahma
Shri Satchit Ananda Sadguru Sainath Maharaj ki jay!
Sri Sainatharanamastu! Shubham Bhavathu!