Sai Vrata Story

 A pious lady named Kokila and her husband Mahesh were living in a city. They had great affection towards each other. But Mahesh's nature was quarrelsome and had little control over his speech and language. Neighbors were irritated by his nature. But Kokila was a pious religious lady. She had immense faith in god and coped up all troubles patiently. Slowly, her husband's business went through a rough weather and income was almost nil. Mahesh started staying in house the entire day and his quarrelsome nature worsened.
                           One afternoon, an aged Sadhu (saint) came and stood at the entrance of their home. His face shone with a unique luster. He asked for rice and pulses. Kokila paid obeisance to the Sadhu and offered him rice and pulses. The Saint blessed her Sai will bless you with happiness. Kokila replied in frustration that happiness is not in her destiny and narrate him, her entire sorrowful  story.
                          The saint advised her to observer Saibaba's vrat for 9 Thursdays by having fruits, liquids or by taking food only once on Thursday. If possible to visit Sai baba's mandir , perform Sai's puja at home, complete the Vrat with due formalities on 9th Thursday by feeding the poor, distribute Sai vrat books for 5, 11 or 21 persons according to the devotee's capacity and thus spread the power of Sai vrat. This has miraculous effects and is best suited for this kaliyug. It fulfills the innermost effects and is best suited for this kaliyug. It fulfills the innermost wishes of a devotee. But the devotee should immense faith and devotion to Saibaba. Whoever observes and completes this vrat with due formalities all his desires will be fulfilled by baba. Kokila also took a vow to observe 9 Thursdays vrat and she completed it wirl all formalities like feeding the poor, distribution of Sai vart books on 9th Thursday. The troubles in their house vanished and they were filled with peace and happiness. As Ramesh's quarrelsome nature also changed for good, his business also picked up and they prospered and started living happily.
                        One day Kokila's brother in law and his wife came from Surat and amidst conversation, they told sadly that their children are not studying well and they failed in their examinations. Kokila explained to them the power of 9 Thursdays Sai vrat and she told them that devotion to Sai will enable their children to study well. But faith and patience are very important. Kokila's sister in law wanted the details about the vrat. Kokila told her to observe the fast by taking fruits, liquids or have food only once on all 9 Thursdays. Have Darshan of Sai in nearby Sai mandir on all 9 Thursdays. She also said that
This vrat can be observed by all men, women and children without any restriction on caste, creed and religion.
Perform Puja to Sai's Photo, offer yellow flowers or garland , light the lamp, incense sticks and offer naivedya and partake the prasad with everyone. Remember and mediate on Sai, perform Arathi etc.
Read Sai vrat story, Sai Bavani, Sai Chalisa etc respectfully.
Feed 5 persons on 9th Thursday
Distribute Sai vrat books (5,11,21) to neighbors, relatives and other known persons.
                    After some days, Kokila received a letter from her sister in law stating that they have started studying well and she also observed the vrat and distributed Sai vrat books at her office. Regarding this, she had written that her friend Chari's daughter marriage was fixed with a girl suitable alliance because of this vrat and one of her neighbors jewel box had got lost and after observing Sai vrat, 2 months later she got the jewel box. Such wonderful experiences she had narrated in her letter.

                Kokila realised the power of Sainath and Sai vrat and her devotion towards Sainath strengthened.

                                                                                             Oh Sai! Please bless us and confer us with happiness.